Zootopia.
A gleaming city.
Where animals of all breeds,
predator and prey alike,
live together in peace and harmony.
Hi!
I'm Judy, your new neighbor!
Yeah?
Well, we're loud.
Don't expect us to apologize for it.
ZPD's
first rabbit officer,
Judy Hopps.
Ready to make the world a better place?
Bad news, in this city gripped by fear.
What can you tell us about the animals that went savage?
Are we safe?
This is priority one.
Hopps.
Parking duty.
Sir, I'm not just some token bunny.
You strike out, you resign.
Deal.
Hello?
I'm here to ask you some questions about a case.
Then they should have gotten a real cop to solve it.
You're under arrest.
For what?
Hooding a few winks?
You, are a key witness.
No.
He is.
Hey!
I need you to run a plate.
Alright, I know a guy.
You need something done? He's on it.
They're all ---
SLOTHS?!
We're in a REALLY big hurry.
I am...
on...
It?
Break.
I have 36 hours left.
We can only solve it together.
It's not about how badly you want something.
It's about what you are capable of.
I am a real cop.
Never let them see that they get to you.
You bunnies, so emotional.
No no no! Do not let go!
I'm gonna let go!
What?
We may be evil.
But deep down,
we are still animals.
Quit it, you're gonna start a howl.
No---! You are naked.
For sure, we're a naturalist club.
All the way down.
Oh...
Life's a little bit messy.
We all make mistakes!
Ha.
No matter what type of animal you are,
change starts with you.
We gotta go.
Who's car is it?
The most feared crime boss
Mr. Big!
Is that Mr. Big?
Stop talking stop talking!
Huh.
Ice them.
Whoa whoa whoa ah ah ah ah!
Daddy---!
Urgh!
What did we say!
No icing anyone at my wedding!
I have to, baby.
Daddy has to.